Description:
    Scaffolds an entire resource, from model and migration to controller and
    views. The resource is ready to use as a starting point for your restful,
    resource-oriented application. Tests or specs are also generated depending
    on if you have a "spec" directory or not.

    IMPORTANT: This generator uses the "title" helper method which is generated
    by the nifty_layout generator. You may want to run that generator first.

Usage:
    Pass the name of the model, either CamelCased or under_scored, as the first
    argument along with an optional list of attribute pairs and controller actions.

    If no controller actions are specified, they will default to index, show,
    new, create, edit, update, and destroy.

    IMPORTANT: If no attribute pairs are specified, no model will be generated.
    It will try to determine the attributes from an existing model.

    Attribute pairs are column_name:sql_type arguments specifying the
    model's attributes. Timestamps are added by default, so you don't have to
    specify them by hand as 'created_at:datetime updated_at:datetime'.

    For example, `nifty:scaffold post name:string content:text hidden:boolean`
    gives you a model with those three attributes, a controller that handles
    the create/show/update/destroy, forms to create and edit your posts, and
    an index that lists them all, as well as a map.resources :posts
    declaration in config/routes.rb.

    Adding an "!" in the mix of arguments will invert the passed controller
    actions. This will include all 7 controller actitons except the ones
    mentioned. This option doesn't affect model attributes.

Examples:
    rails generate nifty:scaffold post

        Will create a controller called "posts" it will contain all seven
        CRUD actions along with the views. A model will NOT be created,
        instead it will look for an existing model and use those attributes.

    rails generate nifty:scaffold post name:string content:text index new edit

        Will create a Post model and migration file with the name and content
        attributes. It will also create a controller with index, new, create,
        edit, and update actions. Notice the create and update actions are
        added automatically with new and edit.

    rails generate nifty:scaffold post ! show new

        Creates a posts controller (no model) with index, edit, update, and
        destroy actions.
